so anyways I actually have another story
and Timothy hasn't heard half their
1/100 of the stories that I have have
you ever hear my stories Tim maybe
anyways I'm gonna tell you a story
oh god my lens is dirty hairs I'm going
to tell you a story about hunting and it
has to do with this spot I was raised in
the house up there that's my parents
house and you know I love to hunt at
least I used to have loved to hunt now I
just kill the damn thing
but anyway well I love to hunt when
hunting was hunting now it's just you
know go out in the woods and shoot
something but the the deal is now I was
a kid I might have been 16 17 years old
and I had just bought a new bow it was a
bear whitetail hunter - and it was had
all these cables and it looked really
cool but for the most part of us a big
piece of junk
but anyways I'm down here and the deer
I'm at the house and I looked down
across field and there's deer down here
like oh man cool so I grabbed my bear
whitetail hunter - and my 22 rifle
because you know you always got to go
with backup anyway I come down and I'm
sneaking through the sneaking through
the field there where those hay bales
are up there of course we didn't do the
big square bales but there were round
bales there at a time so I came down and
I snuck down there and I went all the
way to the road and I snuck down the
field there and I get close enough and
there's a buck and a couple of two bucks
in a couple of days and I draw back the
bear whitetail - and I let one loose and
I miss it skips off the ground and
sticks this buck in the stomach it was
like oh shoot you know so then I grabbed
the 22 and it's a semi-automatic and I
you know I shoot like hell and I don't
know whether I got the DOE I can't
remember now but anyway right here you
can see in that tree there's the remains
of a deer stand yep there remains well
there was a guy in that deer stand and
he watched the hole
episode now at 16 years old my dad he
didn't really like me shooting the deer
with the 22 especially during hunting
season when the possibility somebody
else was in the woods cuz I could kill
them and I didn't know this guy was in
the stand anyway because he had parked
his truck on another part of the
property but anyhow he goes up and he
tells my dad that I had shot at these
dad shot these deer with the 22 and I
said no no I shot it with the bow he
said no no no no you shot with the bow
and mist and then you took the 22 when
you shot the the things of course I
couldn't lie then so I told them the
truth I says yep I did
so dad he says right in front of the guy
says well when we get back up you're
gonna give me that rifle and I'm gonna
weld a blob of weld over the end of the
barrel and I should know you're not he
says yes I am so anyways I was upset
because you know I got these two dead
deer here and I know there was two of
them I know one yeah they had to be
dosed anyway whatever so we're walking
back up across the field and my dad says
he says I'm not gonna huelva I'm not
gonna well to beat a weld over your
barrel he says but don't shoot deer with
the rifle while there's hunters in the
woods that's how you get caught so
anyways that's what I learned was you
know and if you're gonna break the law
do it when nobody's looking but anyhow
that's that was my hunting story for
today thanks for watching